Rumors Overheard: Local bandits have joined forces with a tribe of bugbears. All the doors in the king’s castle are suddenly arcane locked and fire trapped. A community of gnomes has built a flying ship.
Rumors Overheard: Gargoyles are killing giant eagles in the mountains. A nearby kingdom has launched an invasion. A blackguard is organizing monsters in an area.
Rumors Overheard: An innocent man, about to be hanged, pleads for someone to help him. Someone in town is a werewolf. A huge dire wolf, apparently immune to magic, is organizing the wolves in the wood.
Rumors Overheard: Ogres have kidnaped the mayor’s daughter. Evil clerics gather in secret to summon a monstrous god to the world. An evil tyrant has outlawed unsanctioned magic use.
Rumors Overheard: A kingdom known for its wizards prepares for war. A gate to the Lower Planes threatens to bring more demons to the world. A plague brought by wererats threatens a community.
Rumors Overheard: An evil tyrant has outlawed unsanctioned magic use. A caravan of important goods is about to leave for a trip through a dangerous area. A mysterious fog has brought ghosts into town.
Rumors Overheard: Lizardfolk riding dragon turtles sell their services as mercenaries to the highest bidder. A huge gemstone supposedly lies within an ancient ruined monastery. A prophecy foretells of coming doom unless an artifact is -recovered.
Rumors Overheard: At the eye of the storm that tears across the land lies a floating citadel. Goblins riding spider eaters have been attacking the outskirts of a town. Barge pirates have made a deal with a covey of hags and exact a high toll to use the river.
Rumors Overheard: Giants are stealing cattle from local farmers. Evil clerics gather in secret to summon a monstrous god to the world. A nearby kingdom has launched an invasion.
Rumors Overheard: A sorcerer attempted to travel ethereally but disappeared completely in the process. Evil nobles have created an adventurers’ guild to monitor and control adventurers. The high priest is an illusion.
Rumors Overheard: A wizard is buried in a trap-filled tomb with her powerful magic items. New construction reveals a previously unknown underground tomb. The statue in the town square was found to be a petrified paladin.
Rumors Overheard: A kingdom known for its wizards prepares for war. An enchanter is compelling others to steal for him. The tomb of a powerful wizard, filled with magic items, has sunk into the swamp.
Rumors Overheard: Racial tensions between humans and elves are rising. A new noble seeks to clear a patch of wilderness of all monsters. A paladin’s quest for atonement led her to a troll lair too well-defended for her to tackle alone.
Rumors Overheard: A lonely mountain pass is guarded by a powerful sphinx denying all passage. Evil mercenaries are constructing a fortress not far from the community. Mysterious merchants sell faulty magic items in town and then attempt to slink away.
Rumors Overheard: An ancient curse is turning innocent people into evil murderers. Colossal vermin are straying out of the desert to attack settlements. Evil mercenaries are constructing a fortress not far from the community.
Rumors Overheard: Evil mercenaries are constructing a fortress not far from the community. Adventurers exploring a dungeon have not returned in a week. Buried below the Tree of the World lies the Master Clock of Time.
Rumors Overheard: A halfling caravan must pass through an ankheg-infested wilderness. A infestation of stirges drives yuan-ti closer to civilized lands. A prophecy foretells of coming doom unless an artifact is -recovered.
Rumors Overheard: A gate to the Lower Planes threatens to bring more demons to the world. A wizard’s guild challenges the ruling council. A sorrowful bard tells a tavern tale of his imprisoned companions.
Rumors Overheard: Evil clerics gather in secret to summon a monstrous god to the world. A paladin’s quest for atonement led her to a troll lair too well-defended for her to tackle alone. A plague brought by wererats threatens a community.
Rumors Overheard: Evil clerics gather in secret to summon a monstrous god to the world. The funeral for a good fighter was disrupted by enemies he made while alive. Clerics who have resurrected a long-dead hero discovered she’s not what they thought.
Rumors Overheard: A wizard needs a particularly rare spell component found only in the deep jungle. Thieves steal a great treasure and flee into Mordenkainen’s magnificent mansion. A community of gnomes has built a flying ship.
Rumors Overheard: A plague brought by wererats threatens a community. The keys to disarming all the magic traps in a wizard’s tower have gone missing. Treants in the woods are threatened by a huge fire of mysterious origin.
Rumors Overheard: A infestation of stirges drives yuan-ti closer to civilized lands. Mysterious groaning sounds come from a haunted wood at night. Treants in the woods are threatened by a huge fire of mysterious origin.
Rumors Overheard: A blackguard is organizing monsters in an area. Vampires are preying upon a small town. Someone in town is a werewolf.
Rumors Overheard: A mirror of opposition has created an evil duplicate of a hero. Gargoyles are killing giant eagles in the mountains. A woman who mysteriously vanished years ago has been seen walking on the surface of a lake.
Rumors Overheard: Giants are stealing cattle from local farmers. A gate to the Lower Planes threatens to bring more demons to the world. A clutch of wyverns is preying upon sheep as well as shepherds.
Rumors Overheard: A infestation of stirges drives yuan-ti closer to civilized lands. A gate to the Lower Planes threatens to bring more demons to the world. A huge dire wolf, apparently immune to magic, is organizing the wolves in the wood.
Rumors Overheard: A community of gnomes has built a flying ship. A map showing the location of an ancient magic forge is discovered. A clutch of wyverns is preying upon sheep as well as shepherds.
Rumors Overheard: An antidote to a magic poison must be found before the duke dies. Two well-known heroes will soon fight a duel. A mirror of opposition has created an evil duplicate of a hero.
Rumors Overheard: A dragon has flown into a town and demanded tribute. Someone in town is a werewolf. A map showing the location of an ancient magic forge is discovered.
Rumors Overheard: Vampires are preying upon a small town. Local bandits have joined forces with a tribe of bugbears. Various monsters have long preyed upon people from within the sewers of a major city.
Rumors Overheard: A certain type of frogs, found only in an isolated valley, fall like rain on a major city. A community of gnomes has built a flying ship. At the eye of the storm that tears across the land lies a floating citadel.
Rumors Overheard: Two orc tribes wage a bloody war. A mysterious fog has brought ghosts into town. Clerics who have resurrected a long-dead hero discovered she’s not what they thought.
Rumors Overheard: The door into an abandoned house in the middle of town is in fact a magic portal. An island at the center of the lake is actually the top of a strange, submerged fortress. A plague brought by wererats threatens a community.
Rumors Overheard: Lizardfolk riding dragon turtles sell their services as mercenaries to the highest bidder. Sahuagin are being driven out of the sea to attack coastal -villages. Someone in town is a werewolf.
Rumors Overheard: Ogres have kidnaped the mayor’s daughter. An emissary going into a hostile kingdom needs an escort. A wizard’s guild challenges the ruling council.
Rumors Overheard: Barbarians have torn up a village in a violent rage. Thieves steal a great treasure and flee into Mordenkainen’s magnificent mansion. The high priest is an illusion.
Rumors Overheard: An evil tyrant has outlawed unsanctioned magic use. Buried below the Tree of the World lies the Master Clock of Time. A prophecy foretells of coming doom unless an artifact is -recovered.
Rumors Overheard: The keys to disarming all the magic traps in a wizard’s tower have gone missing. Someone is sabotaging wagons and carts to come apart when they travel at high speed. Gravediggers have discovered a huge, ghoul-filled catacomb under the cemetery.
Rumors Overheard: An ancient curse is turning innocent people into evil murderers. A plague brought by wererats threatens a community. A certain type of frogs, found only in an isolated valley, fall like rain on a major city.
Rumors Overheard: A bulette is tearing apart viable farmland. Someone is sabotaging wagons and carts to come apart when they travel at high speed. Vampires are preying upon a small town.
Rumors Overheard: People grow suspicious of half-orc merchants peddling gold dragon parts in the market. The door into an abandoned house in the middle of town is in fact a magic portal. A strange green smoke billows out of a cave near a mysterious ruin.
Rumors Overheard: An emissary going into a hostile kingdom needs an escort. New construction reveals a previously unknown underground tomb. A kingdom known for its wizards prepares for war.
Rumors Overheard: A community of gnomes has built a flying ship. A wizard is buried in a trap-filled tomb with her powerful magic items. Thieves steal a great treasure and flee into Mordenkainen’s magnificent mansion.
Rumors Overheard: A infestation of stirges drives yuan-ti closer to civilized lands. Vampires are preying upon a small town. The high priest is an illusion.
Rumors Overheard: Sahuagin are being driven out of the sea to attack coastal -villages. A prophecy foretells of coming doom unless an artifact is -recovered. An island at the center of the lake is actually the top of a strange, submerged fortress.
Rumors Overheard: The tomb of an old wizard has been discovered. A child has wandered into a vast necropolis, and dusk approaches quickly. The holy symbol of a high priest is missing.
Rumors Overheard: A gate to the Lower Planes threatens to bring more demons to the world. A child has wandered into a vast necropolis, and dusk approaches quickly. At the eye of the storm that tears across the land lies a floating citadel.
Rumors Overheard: Evil mercenaries are constructing a fortress not far from the community. A wizard needs a particularly rare spell component found only in the deep jungle. People grow suspicious of half-orc merchants peddling gold dragon parts in the market.
Rumors Overheard: A woman who mysteriously vanished years ago has been seen walking on the surface of a lake. A wizard’s guild challenges the ruling council. Cultists are kidnapping potential sacrifices.
Rumors Overheard: Treants in the woods are threatened by a huge fire of mysterious origin. Local bandits have joined forces with a tribe of bugbears. The statue in the town square was found to be a petrified paladin.
Rumors Overheard: Treants in the woods are threatened by a huge fire of mysterious origin. Slavers continue to raid a local community. Unexplained snowstorms have brought winter wolves into an otherwise peaceful area.
Rumors Overheard: A huge gemstone supposedly lies within an ancient ruined monastery. A sorcerer attempted to travel ethereally but disappeared completely in the process. Thieves steal a great treasure and flee into Mordenkainen’s magnificent mansion.
Rumors Overheard: A recently recovered artifact causes arcane spellcasters’ powers to go awry. The tomb of a powerful wizard, filled with magic items, has sunk into the swamp. Unexplained snowstorms have brought winter wolves into an otherwise peaceful area.
Rumors Overheard: A wizard’s guild challenges the ruling council. Various monsters have long preyed upon people from within the sewers of a major city. Adventurers exploring a dungeon have not returned in a week.
Rumors Overheard: A sorrowful bard tells a tavern tale of his imprisoned companions. A gate to the Lower Planes threatens to bring more demons to the world. A mirror of opposition has created an evil duplicate of a hero.
Rumors Overheard: Two orc tribes wage a bloody war. Vampires are preying upon a small town. Colossal vermin are straying out of the desert to attack settlements.
Rumors Overheard: Slavers continue to raid a local community. Goblins riding spider eaters have been attacking the outskirts of a town. The door into an abandoned house in the middle of town is in fact a magic portal.
Rumors Overheard: Miners have accidentally released something awful that once was buried deep. Gravediggers have discovered a huge, ghoul-filled catacomb under the cemetery. A wizard’s guild challenges the ruling council.
Rumors Overheard: Local bandits have joined forces with a tribe of bugbears. A wizard is buried in a trap-filled tomb with her powerful magic items. Undead shadows vex a large library, especially an old storeroom long left undisturbed.
Rumors Overheard: All the doors in the king’s castle are suddenly arcane locked and fire trapped. An antidote to a magic poison must be found before the duke dies. Evil clerics gather in secret to summon a monstrous god to the world.
Rumors Overheard: The holy symbol of a high priest is missing. A map showing the location of an ancient magic forge is discovered. Evil mercenaries are constructing a fortress not far from the community.
Rumors Overheard: Barbarians have torn up a village in a violent rage. New construction reveals a previously unknown underground tomb. An ancient sword must be recovered to defeat a ravaging -monster.
Rumors Overheard: A prophecy foretells of coming doom unless an artifact is -recovered. Two well-known heroes will soon fight a duel. Two orc tribes wage a bloody war.
Rumors Overheard: A child has wandered into a vast necropolis, and dusk approaches quickly. An emissary going into a hostile kingdom needs an escort. A woman who mysteriously vanished years ago has been seen walking on the surface of a lake.
Rumors Overheard: Undead shadows vex a large library, especially an old storeroom long left undisturbed. A recently recovered artifact causes arcane spellcasters’ powers to go awry. A wizard needs a particularly rare spell component found only in the deep jungle.
Rumors Overheard: Clerics who have resurrected a long-dead hero discovered she’s not what they thought. Gargoyles are killing giant eagles in the mountains. Giants are stealing cattle from local farmers.
Rumors Overheard: A gate to the Lower Planes threatens to bring more demons to the world. An ancient sword must be recovered to defeat a ravaging -monster. An island at the center of the lake is actually the top of a strange, submerged fortress.
Rumors Overheard: All the dwarves in an underground city have disappeared. An evil tyrant has outlawed unsanctioned magic use. Racial tensions between humans and elves are rising.
Rumors Overheard: At the eye of the storm that tears across the land lies a floating citadel. All the dwarves in an underground city have disappeared. A woman who mysteriously vanished years ago has been seen walking on the surface of a lake.
Rumors Overheard: A lonely mountain pass is guarded by a powerful sphinx denying all passage. A huge dire wolf, apparently immune to magic, is organizing the wolves in the wood. A community of gnomes has built a flying ship.
Rumors Overheard: An island at the center of the lake is actually the top of a strange, submerged fortress. A kingdom known for its wizards prepares for war. An evil wizard has developed a new type of golem.
Rumors Overheard: Someone is sabotaging wagons and carts to come apart when they travel at high speed. A wronged half-elf needs a champion to fight for her in a gladiatorial trial. Treants in the woods are threatened by a huge fire of mysterious origin.
Rumors Overheard: The statue in the town square was found to be a petrified paladin. The tomb of an old wizard has been discovered. Thieves have stolen the crown jewels.
Rumors Overheard: Mysterious groaning sounds come from a haunted wood at night. A dragon has flown into a town and demanded tribute. Gravediggers have discovered a huge, ghoul-filled catacomb under the cemetery.
Rumors Overheard: A haunted tower is reputed to be filled with treasure. The tomb of a powerful wizard, filled with magic items, has sunk into the swamp. Evil mercenaries are constructing a fortress not far from the community.
Rumors Overheard: Colossal vermin are straying out of the desert to attack settlements. Mysterious merchants sell faulty magic items in town and then attempt to slink away. Vampires are preying upon a small town.
Rumors Overheard: Evil nobles have created an adventurers’ guild to monitor and control adventurers. Barge pirates have made a deal with a covey of hags and exact a high toll to use the river. All the dwarves in an underground city have disappeared.
Rumors Overheard: An island at the center of the lake is actually the top of a strange, submerged fortress. A lonely mountain pass is guarded by a powerful sphinx denying all passage. A huge gemstone supposedly lies within an ancient ruined monastery.
Rumors Overheard: A lonely mountain pass is guarded by a powerful sphinx denying all passage. A wizard’s guild challenges the ruling council. Evil mercenaries are constructing a fortress not far from the community.
Rumors Overheard: An emissary going into a hostile kingdom needs an escort. A new noble seeks to clear a patch of wilderness of all monsters. A wizard is buried in a trap-filled tomb with her powerful magic items.
Rumors Overheard: Colossal vermin are straying out of the desert to attack settlements. A mirror of opposition has created an evil duplicate of a hero. Thieves have stolen the crown jewels.
Rumors Overheard: A wronged half-elf needs a champion to fight for her in a gladiatorial trial. Someone is sabotaging wagons and carts to come apart when they travel at high speed. Mysterious groaning sounds come from a haunted wood at night.
Rumors Overheard: A new noble seeks to clear a patch of wilderness of all monsters. Colossal vermin are straying out of the desert to attack settlements. Wealthy merchants are being killed in their homes.
Rumors Overheard: A dragon has flown into a town and demanded tribute. A mysterious fog has brought ghosts into town. A nearby kingdom has launched an invasion.
Rumors Overheard: Clerics who have resurrected a long-dead hero discovered she’s not what they thought. A recently recovered artifact causes arcane spellcasters’ powers to go awry. Vampires are preying upon a small town.
Rumors Overheard: Two parts of a magic item are in the hands of bitter enemies; the third piece is lost. An evil wizard has developed a new type of golem. An enchanter is compelling others to steal for him.
Rumors Overheard: Mysterious groaning sounds come from a haunted wood at night. An emissary going into a hostile kingdom needs an escort. All the doors in the king’s castle are suddenly arcane locked and fire trapped.
Rumors Overheard: Wealthy merchants are being killed in their homes. Vampires are preying upon a small town. Ogres have kidnaped the mayor’s daughter.
Rumors Overheard: Thieves steal a great treasure and flee into Mordenkainen’s magnificent mansion. An emissary going into a hostile kingdom needs an escort. Evil clerics gather in secret to summon a monstrous god to the world.
Rumors Overheard: An earthquake has uncovered a previously unknown dungeon. New construction reveals a previously unknown underground tomb. Undead shadows vex a large library, especially an old storeroom long left undisturbed.
Rumors Overheard: Various monsters have long preyed upon people from within the sewers of a major city. Evil mercenaries are constructing a fortress not far from the community. A wizard needs a particularly rare spell component found only in the deep jungle.
Rumors Overheard: Mysterious merchants sell faulty magic items in town and then attempt to slink away. A caravan of important goods is about to leave for a trip through a dangerous area. A nearby kingdom has launched an invasion.
Rumors Overheard: Clerics who have resurrected a long-dead hero discovered she’s not what they thought. A woman who mysteriously vanished years ago has been seen walking on the surface of a lake. All the dwarves in an underground city have disappeared.
Rumors Overheard: A halfling caravan must pass through an ankheg-infested wilderness. A wizard is buried in a trap-filled tomb with her powerful magic items. Gravediggers have discovered a huge, ghoul-filled catacomb under the cemetery.
Rumors Overheard: A huge gemstone supposedly lies within an ancient ruined monastery. Mysterious groaning sounds come from a haunted wood at night. Goblins riding spider eaters have been attacking the outskirts of a town.
Rumors Overheard: Ogres have kidnaped the mayor’s daughter. Mysterious groaning sounds come from a haunted wood at night. A huge gemstone supposedly lies within an ancient ruined monastery.
Rumors Overheard: All the doors in the king’s castle are suddenly arcane locked and fire trapped. A child has wandered into a vast necropolis, and dusk approaches quickly. Lizardfolk riding dragon turtles sell their services as mercenaries to the highest bidder.
Rumors Overheard: A fire elemental has escaped from a wizard’s lab. A huge gemstone supposedly lies within an ancient ruined monastery. The door into an abandoned house in the middle of town is in fact a magic portal.
Rumors Overheard: Bugbears are demanding a toll on a well-traveled bridge. A wizard needs a particularly rare spell component found only in the deep jungle. A mysterious fog has brought ghosts into town.
Rumors Overheard: Sahuagin are being driven out of the sea to attack coastal -villages. Thieves have stolen the crown jewels. Local bandits have joined forces with a tribe of bugbears.
Rumors Overheard: Bugbears are demanding a toll on a well-traveled bridge. A plague brought by wererats threatens a community. An island at the center of the lake is actually the top of a strange, submerged fortress.
Rumors Overheard: The door into an abandoned house in the middle of town is in fact a magic portal. Two parts of a magic item are in the hands of bitter enemies; the third piece is lost. Thieves steal a great treasure and flee into Mordenkainen’s magnificent mansion.
Rumors Overheard: A jealous rival threatens to stop a well-attended wedding. A huge gemstone supposedly lies within an ancient ruined monastery. A wizard is buried in a trap-filled tomb with her powerful magic items.
Rumors Overheard: Evil nobles have created an adventurers’ guild to monitor and control adventurers. Gravediggers have discovered a huge, ghoul-filled catacomb under the cemetery. Barge pirates have made a deal with a covey of hags and exact a high toll to use the river.
Rumors Overheard: An innocent man, about to be hanged, pleads for someone to help him. A huge gemstone supposedly lies within an ancient ruined monastery. A caravan of important goods is about to leave for a trip through a dangerous area.
Rumors Overheard: A huge dire wolf, apparently immune to magic, is organizing the wolves in the wood. Ogres have kidnaped the mayor’s daughter. A wizard’s guild challenges the ruling council.
Rumors Overheard: Mysterious groaning sounds come from a haunted wood at night. A recently recovered artifact causes arcane spellcasters’ powers to go awry. A haunted tower is reputed to be filled with treasure.
Rumors Overheard: Barge pirates have made a deal with a covey of hags and exact a high toll to use the river. A haunted tower is reputed to be filled with treasure. A community of gnomes has built a flying ship.
