# This is a comment - Comments follow the python standard of starting with a '#' symbol
are plotting to invade a hamlet.
are plotting to invade a town.
are plotting to invade a city.
are plotting to invade a major city.
are killing giant eagles in the mountains.
are killing wildlife in a nearby forest indiscriminately.
are killing the fish in a lake.
are killing all the four-legged animals in the nearby forest.
brought by wererats threatens a community.
brought by rabbits threatens a community.
brought by merchants threatens a community.
brought by bandits threatens a community.
brought by a evil wizard threatens a community.
are threatened by a huge fire of mysterious origin.
are threatened by a large wave of mysterious origin.
are threatened by an unknown sickness.
are threatened by a plague.
tells of a tavern tale of their imprisoned companions.
tells of a tavern tale of their perilous and epic adventures at mountains that reach beyond the clouds.
tells of a tavern tale of their business ventures in the kingdom.
tells of a tavern tale of a town of all gorgeous men.
tells of a tavern tale of a town of all gorgeous women.
have joined forces with a tribe of bugbears.
have joined forces with a tribe of orcs.
have joined forces with a tribe of yuan-ti.
have joined forces with a tribe of kobolds.
going into a hostile kingdom needs an escort.
going into a hostile mountain range needs an escort.
going into a hostile forest needs an escort.
going into a unknown territory rumored to be hostile needs an escort.
is an illusion.
is stuck in a dream.
is a shadow of their former self.
is forgotten by everyone in their hometown.
has escaped from a wizard's lab.
has escaped from the local prison.
has escaped from bandits and now those bandits are angry.
has escaped from servitude.
are suddenly arcane locked and fire trapped.
are suddenly arcane locked.
are suddenly attacking nearby creatures and having no recollection of it.
are suddenly disappearing from the memories of people.
drives yuan-ti closer to civilized lands.
drives all kinds of serpents closer to civilized lands.
drives cursed items closer to civilized lands.
drives reclusive tribes closer to civilized lands.
hints of coming doom unless an artifact is recovered.
hints of coming doom unless the most beautiful person in the town is sacrificed.
hints of coming doom unless the nearby people donate their money to adventurers' guild.
hints of coming doom unless the tome of a god is found.
have created an adventurers' guild to monitor and control adventurers.
have created a crafting guild to monitor and control local crafters.
have created a popular social hangout to monitor and control the locals.
have created a weapons shop to monitor and control the flow of weapons in the region.
lies a floating citadel.
lies a floating island described in the tales of old.
lies a floating island powered by ancient magic.
lies a floating island with ancient artifacts.
has launched an invasion.
has declared war.
has called for a cease-fire in order to discuss options for peace.
has declared exploring local dungeons illegal.
has declared exploring local mountains illegal.
has declared exploring local forests illegal.
has declared being outside at night illegal. 
are rising.
are falling.
are changing unpredictably.
are disappearing.
has built a flying ship.
has created a new form of long-distance communication.
has created a solution with a smell that attracts creatures with lesser intelligence.
has created a tonic that can cure almost all sicknesses. 
has made a deal with a covey of hags and exact a high toll to use the river.
has made a deal with a tribe of goblins to cooperatively attack traveling merchants for their goods.
has made a deal with the local business giant to control the market.
has made a deal with a corrupt official to conduct human trafficking in the region.
will soon fight a duel.
will soon leave the town.
will soon have a child.
will soon complete their training to become a master of their craft.
must be found before the duke dies.
must be found before the end of the month.
must be found before the rumored terror returns to the region.
must be found before either side declares war.
was disrupted by enemies.
was disrupted by traitorous allies.
was disrupted by a unknown force.
was disrupted by a the heavens.
continue to raid a local community.
continue to assist a local community.
continue to bring harm to a local community.
continue to bring luck to a local community.
is guarded by a powerful sphinx denying all passage.
is guarded by a powerful dragon denying all passage.
is guarded by a powerful naga denying all passage.
is guarded by a powerful demon denying all passage.
is gathering mentally controlled servitors.
is gathering large quantities of poisonous herbs.
is gathering large quantities of metals from the market.
is gathering large quantities of food from the market.
must be recovered to defeat a ravaging monster.
must be recovered to prevent the revival of a long forgotten terror.
must be recovered to seal a ravaging monster.
must be recovered to defend the local community.
is organizing the wolves in the wood.
is organizing the hobgoblins in the wood.
is organizing the goblins in the wood.
is organizing the creatures in the wood.
has sunk into the swamp.
has sunk into a sinkhole.
has sunk into the ocean.
led them to a troll's lair too well-defended for them to tackle alone.
led them to a lich's lair too well-defended for them to tackle alone.
led them to a dragons's lair too well-defended for them to tackle alone.
led them to a demon's lair too well-defended for them to tackle alone.
is compelling others to steal for them.
is compelling others to kill for them.
is compelling others to harass local communities for them.
is compelling others to commit all sorts of crimes at night.
has been seen walking on the surface of a lake.
has been seen walking in the air.
has been seen walking atop trees.
has been seen riding lightning.
has gone missing.
is a werewolf.
is a vampire.
is a demon in disguise.
is an angel in disguise.
has been discovered.
is missing.
causes arcane spellcasters' powers to go awry.
causes arcane spellcasters' powers to temporarily become more potent.
causes arcane spellcasters' powers to temporarily become weaker.
causes arcane spellcasters' powers to become more difficult to use.
wage a bloody war.
wage a cold war.
is reputed to be filled with treasure.
is reputed to contain a magical item.
is reputed to contain a secret long sealed away.
is reputed to have ancient knowledge.
pleads for someone to help them.
pleads for someone to save their family.
pleads for someone to help the suffering people of a nearby town.
pleads for someone to help find something / someone.
has flown into a town and demanded tribute.
has flown into a town and demanded sacrifices.
has flown into a town and demanded obedience.
has flown into a town and demanded the town's most valued treasure.
is buried in a trap-filled tomb with their powerful magic items.
is buried in a trap-filled tomb with their small team of adventurers.
is buried in a trap-filled tomb with no effective weapons.
is buried in a trap-filled tomb with an artifact rumored to have great power.
are kidnapping potential sacrifices.
are kidnapping potential slaves.
are stealing treasures from every powerful family.
are stealing goods from the vaults of powerful families.
has developed a new type of golem.
has developed a new type of food.
has developed a new type of weapon.
has developed a new type of currency.
are being killed in their homes.
are being killed when it gets dark.
are being killed at their workplaces, but no one is seen.
are being killed when they get near a certain location (such as a river).
are constructing a fortress not far from the community.
are constructing a farm not far from the community.
are constructing a hamlet not far from the community.
are constructing a tower (of some sort) not far from the community.
has put a price on a good noble's head.
has put a price on a normal citizen's head.
has put a price on a politician's head.
has put a price on a store owner's head.
lies the Master Clock of Time.
is preying upon sheep as well as shepherds.
is preying upon livestock and their owners.
is preying upon cats and kittens.
is preying upon humans.
must pass through an ankheg-infested wilderness.
must pass through a zombie-infested wilderness.
must pass through a dangerous mountain.
must pass through a dangerous forest.
has uncovered a previously unknown dungeon.
has uncovered a previously unknown ruin.
has uncovered a previously hidden relic of unknown origins.
has uncovered a previously hidden statue.
are being driven out of the sea to attack coastal villages.
is in fact a magic portal.
is in fact a disguised magical item / location.
is sabotaging wagons and carts to come apart when they travel at high speed.
is sabotaging the food of local guards so they lose consciousness and control of their bodies.
is sabotaging the deliveries of local merchants such that goods are mixed up.
is sabotaging local festivals and angering the gods.
sell faulty magical equipment in town and then attempt to slink away.
sell faulty restorative items in town and then attempt to slink away.
sell faulty magical texts in town and then attempt to slink away.
sell faulty ranged weapons in town and then attempt to slink away.
are in the hands of bitter enemies.
are trapped with enemies-turned-friends.
are stuck under the sea.
is turning innocent people into evil murderers.
is turning innocent people into scammers.
is turning innocent people into cultists.
is turning innocent people into kidnappers.
has wandered into a vast necropolis, and dusk approaches quickly.
has wandered into a vast abandoned city, and dusk approaches quickly.
has wandered into a vast city hidden in the mountains.
has wandered into a vast cave, and dusk approaches quickly.
has brought ghosts into town.
has brought bandits into town.
has brought zombies into town.
has brought monsters into town.
needs a particularly rare spell component found only in the deep jungle.
needs a particularly rare spell component found only in a long forgotten city.
needs a particularly rare spell component found only in a rumored city.
needs a particularly rare spell component found only at the bottom of the sea.
supposedly lies within an ancient ruined monastery.
supposedly lies within an ancient monastery.
supposedly lies within an ancient temple.
supposedly lies within an ancient city.
has let their rod of wonder fall into the wrong hands.
has let their necklace of silence fall into the wrong hands.
has let their shoes of silence fall into the wrong hands.
has let their helmet of foresight fall into the wrong hands.
are preying upon a small town.
are preying upon a quiet hamlet.
are preying upon an inn.
are preying upon a mercenary group.
have torn up a village in a violent rage.
have torn up a town in a violent rage.
have torn up a villager in a violent rage.
have torn up a family in a violent rage.
come from a haunted wood at night.
come from an abandoned house at night.
come from an ancient well at night.
come from a hidden garden at night.
challenges the ruling council.
challenges the crafting guilds.
challenges the local guards.
challenges the secret guilds.
is about to leave for a trip through a dangerous area.
is about to leave for a trip to the bottom of the sea.
is about to leave for a trip through a perilous mountain.
is about to leave for a trip to a desert.
are straying out of the desert to attack settlements.
are straying out of the forest to attack settlements.
are straying out of the sea to attack settlements.
are straying out of the mountain to attack settlements.
have not returned in a day.
have not returned in a week.
have not returned in a month.
have not returned in a year.
have long preyed upon people from within the sewers of a major city.
have long preyed upon people when they are sleeping in a major city.
have long preyed upon people when they walk into a quiet alley in a major city.
have long preyed upon people when they are alone in a major city.
steal a great treasure and flee into Mordenkainen's magnificent mansion.
steal a special ordered piece of jewelry and flee into the slums.
steal a unique weapon and flee into the middle class district.
steal an important medicinal tonic and flee into the slums.
have been attacking near the outskirts of a town.
have been attacking in the slums of a town.
have been attacking at night in a town.
have been attacking right before daybreak in a town.
sell their services as mercenaries to the highest bidder.
sell their services as spies to the highest bidder.
sell their services as assassins to the highest bidder.
sell their services as thieves to the highest bidder.
billows out of a cave near a mysterious ruin.
billows out of a ground near a mysterious ruin.
needs help defending her grove against goblins.
needs help defending her grove against bandits.
needs help defending her grove against orcs.
needs help defending her grove against monsters.
have discovered a huge, ghoul-filled catacomb under the cemetery.
have discovered a huge, zombie-filled catacomb under the cemetery.
have discovered a huge, bandit-filled catacomb under the cemetery.
have discovered a huge, monster-filled catacomb under the cemetery.
have disappeared.
gather in secret to summon a monstrous god to the world.
gather in secret to summon a forgotten shade to the world.
gather in secret to revive an evil witch to the world.
gather in secret to summon a monster to the world.
faces a siege by a force of humans, duergar, and gnolls.
faces a siege by a force of orcs.
faces a siege by a force of elves.
faces a siege by a force of humans.
are demanding a toll on a well-traveled bridge.
fall like rain on a major city.
threatens to bring more demons to the world.
reveals a previously unknown underground tomb.
is discovered.
have accidentally released something awful that once was buried deep.
prepares for war.
have kidnapped the mayor's daughter.
attempted to travel ethereally but disappeared completely in the process.
grow suspicious of half-orc merchants peddling gold dragon parts in the market.
is tearing apart viable farmland.
has outlawed unsanctioned magic use.
have stolen the crown jewels.
is actually the top of a strange, submerged fortress.
has created an evil duplicate of a hero.
have brought winter wolves into an otherwise peaceful area.
threatens to stop a well-attended wedding.
was found to be a petrified paladin.
needs a champion to fight for her in a gladiatorial trial.
is organizing monsters in an area.
discovered they did not get what they expected.
are stealing cattle from local farmers.
are stealing crops from local farmers.
are stealing money from local farmers.
are stealing items from local store-owners.
seeks to clear a patch of wilderness of all monsters.
seeks to clear a patch of wilderness of all trees.
seeks to clear a patch of wilderness of all living things.
seeks to clear a patch of wilderness of all rocks.
