Gargoyles are killing giant eagles in the mountains.
A plague brought by wererats threatens a community.
Treants in the woods are threatened by a huge fire of mysterious origin.
A sorrowful bard tells a tavern tale of his imprisoned companions.
Local bandits have joined forces with a tribe of bugbears.
An emissary going into a hostile kingdom needs an escort.
The high priest is an illusion.
A fire elemental has escaped from a wizard’s lab.
All the doors in the king’s castle are suddenly arcane locked and fire trapped.
A infestation of stirges drives yuan-ti closer to civilized lands.
A prophecy foretells of coming doom unless an artifact is -recovered.
Evil nobles have created an adventurers’ guild to monitor and control adventurers.
Undead shadows vex a large library, especially an old storeroom long left undisturbed.
At the eye of the storm that tears across the land lies a floating citadel.
A nearby kingdom has launched an invasion.
Racial tensions between humans and elves are rising.
A community of gnomes has built a flying ship.
Barge pirates have made a deal with a covey of hags and exact a high toll to use the river.
Two well-known heroes will soon fight a duel.
An antidote to a magic poison must be found before the duke dies.
The funeral for a good fighter was disrupted by enemies he made while alive.
Slavers continue to raid a local community.
A lonely mountain pass is guarded by a powerful sphinx denying all passage.
A shapechanged mind flayer is gathering mentally controlled servitors.
An ancient sword must be recovered to defeat a ravaging -monster.
A huge dire wolf, apparently immune to magic, is organizing the wolves in the wood.
The tomb of a powerful wizard, filled with magic items, has sunk into the swamp.
A paladin’s quest for atonement led her to a troll lair too well-defended for her to tackle alone.
An enchanter is compelling others to steal for him.
A woman who mysteriously vanished years ago has been seen walking on the surface of a lake.
The keys to disarming all the magic traps in a wizard’s tower have gone missing.
Someone in town is a werewolf.
The tomb of an old wizard has been discovered.
The holy symbol of a high priest is missing.
A recently recovered artifact causes arcane spellcasters’ powers to go awry.
Two orc tribes wage a bloody war.
A haunted tower is reputed to be filled with treasure.
An innocent man, about to be hanged, pleads for someone to help him.
A dragon has flown into a town and demanded tribute.
A wizard is buried in a trap-filled tomb with her powerful magic items.
Cultists are kidnapping potential sacrifices.
An evil wizard has developed a new type of golem.
Wealthy merchants are being killed in their homes.
Evil mercenaries are constructing a fortress not far from the community.
An evil noble has put a price on a good noble’s head.
Buried below the Tree of the World lies the Master Clock of Time.
A clutch of wyverns is preying upon sheep as well as shepherds.
A halfling caravan must pass through an ankheg-infested wilderness.
An earthquake has uncovered a previously unknown dungeon.
Sahuagin are being driven out of the sea to attack coastal -villages.
The door into an abandoned house in the middle of town is in fact a magic portal.
Someone is sabotaging wagons and carts to come apart when they travel at high speed.
Mysterious merchants sell faulty magic items in town and then attempt to slink away.
Two parts of a magic item are in the hands of bitter enemies; the third piece is lost.
An ancient curse is turning innocent people into evil murderers.
A child has wandered into a vast necropolis, and dusk approaches quickly.
A mysterious fog has brought ghosts into town.
A wizard needs a particularly rare spell component found only in the deep jungle.
A huge gemstone supposedly lies within an ancient ruined monastery.
An absentminded wizard has let her rod of wonder fall into the wrong hands.
Vampires are preying upon a small town.
Barbarians have torn up a village in a violent rage.
Mysterious groaning sounds come from a haunted wood at night.
A wizard’s guild challenges the ruling council.
A caravan of important goods is about to leave for a trip through a dangerous area.
Colossal vermin are straying out of the desert to attack settlements.
Adventurers exploring a dungeon have not returned in a week.
Various monsters have long preyed upon people from within the sewers of a major city.
Thieves steal a great treasure and flee into Mordenkainen’s magnificent mansion.
Goblins riding spider eaters have been attacking the outskirts of a town.
Lizardfolk riding dragon turtles sell their services as mercenaries to the highest bidder.
A strange green smoke billows out of a cave near a mysterious ruin.
A druid needs help defending her grove against goblins.
Gravediggers have discovered a huge, ghoul-filled catacomb under the cemetery.
All the dwarves in an underground city have disappeared.
Evil clerics gather in secret to summon a monstrous god to the world.
A major city faces a siege by a force of humans, duergar, and gnolls.
Bugbears are demanding a toll on a well-traveled bridge.
A certain type of frogs, found only in an isolated valley, fall like rain on a major city.
A gate to the Lower Planes threatens to bring more demons to the world.
New construction reveals a previously unknown underground tomb.
A map showing the location of an ancient magic forge is discovered.
Miners have accidentally released something awful that once was buried deep.
A kingdom known for its wizards prepares for war.
Ogres have kidnaped the mayor’s daughter.
A sorcerer attempted to travel ethereally but disappeared completely in the process.
People grow suspicious of half-orc merchants peddling gold dragon parts in the market.
A bulette is tearing apart viable farmland.
An evil tyrant has outlawed unsanctioned magic use.
Thieves have stolen the crown jewels.
An island at the center of the lake is actually the top of a strange, submerged fortress.
A mirror of opposition has created an evil duplicate of a hero.
Unexplained snowstorms have brought winter wolves into an otherwise peaceful area.
A jealous rival threatens to stop a well-attended wedding.
The statue in the town square was found to be a petrified paladin.
A wronged half-elf needs a champion to fight for her in a gladiatorial trial.
A blackguard is organizing monsters in an area.
Clerics who have resurrected a long-dead hero discovered she’s not what they thought.
Giants are stealing cattle from local farmers.
A new noble seeks to clear a patch of wilderness of all monsters.
